what would you do if you had the power
to kill
anyone just by writing down their name
but you were up against a smart
detective
in this video i will break down the
movie death note
light is the main character and will
soon get the power to kill anyone
he looks at the big screen and is
frustrated about the justice system in
japan
he heads back home and hacks into the
police database
he realizes that criminals are getting
set free without any punishment
and this infuriates him he goes to a bar
and hears a criminal talking about all
the crimes he has got away with
the criminals hold him at knife point
and make him leave the bar
he finds a book on the ground so he
takes it home and opens it
he learns that writing down someone's
name in this book will make them die in
40 seconds
but light doesn't believe it to test
this out
he could write down an old high-profile
criminal's name and weight
after a few days he would hear about the
death on the news
and then he can repeat it just to make
sure this is legit
light then learns he will have to think
about their face and write down the name
for them to die
he tests this out and writes down the
name of a criminal
the next morning he reads a newspaper
and sees that the same criminal had died
of a heart attack
he wants to see if this actually works
so he finds the criminal from the bar
and writes down his name seconds later
the criminal dies of a heart attack
and light now knows the power he holds
with this much power it can be easy to
get carried away
light has to plan out his killings
though he does not gain suspicion from
the police
when he is on his way home the death god
appears and tells him he can keep the
book
he also says that he is neither friend
nor foe
he then starts to write down a lot of
names and criminals fall dead everywhere
this is not the approach you would want
to take because this is very risky
we see that people are starting to call
this mysterious killer
kira months later the police don't know
who is killing these criminals
but they believe it may be a serial
killer
we see that a brilliant detective is on
the case and he has already found
out that this killer is in japan and is
using supernatural
powers while at home light turns on the
television and the man
says that whoever is causing these
murders is immature
light doesn't like this so he writes
down the man's name and he dies seconds
later this was all a setup and the
actual detective
now knows that these are unnatural
murders
when he is having dinner with his family
we find out that his dad is the police
chief
he offers to help with the kira case but
when his dad denies the offer
he goes to his room light then hacks
into the police database and finds out
that the smart detective
knows he is a student we also see
that the dead god is watching over him
but only people that touch the book can
see the death god
when he is walking home from school he
sees there is someone following him
he knows that someone may be on to him
so he gets home and uses the death note
to find details on the people he kills
light is on the bus when the stalker
gets on the bus with him
but light has a plan a criminal gets on
the bus
and holds the driver at gunpoint light
tells the fbi agent that he will stop
the guy
but he says it's too risky he then drops
a piece of paper
and when the criminal looks up he sees
the death god
he tries to shoot it but it does nothing
the man then runs off the bus and gets
killed by a car
which was light's plan all along at home
white comes up with a plan to trick the
fbi agents
and the death god is listening the fbi
agent gets onto a train and his fiancee
is watching him
he then picks up a folder and it's from
kira
light proves he's kira by killing the
man next to him
the fbi agent has no other option but to
listen to kira so he gives light the
names of some of the fbi
agents when he writes down the names
all the agents start to drop dead from a
heart attack
the man steps off the train and dies
when he looks up he sees kira staring at
him
a few seconds later the man's fiancee
shows up but can't do anything to save
him
light should have planned this better
when they search the cameras
they will see light dressed in a hoodie
and this will be very suspicious
lights dad tells everyone that kira is
killing fbi agents now
and tells them they can all leave after
most people have left
only six have stayed to work on this
case
they then meet with the brilliant
detective l and they are able to see
what he looks like
l reviews the footage and realizes that
kira is related to one of the agents
else suspects that like maybe kira
because when the fbi agent died
he was supposed to be watching light the
next day
the dead agent's fiance accuses light of
being kira
and now he has to come up with a plan
later
light realizes his room has been broken
into because the pencil lead he placed
in the door is broken
he knows he is being watched so he has
to be smart about this
the agents are watching light and they
hear news of a criminal having a heart
attack but see light isn't even watching
we then see light did kill the criminal
by writing down the man's name in the
bag
the agents now think that light is not
kira
the dead agent's fiancee still thinks
light is kira
so she makes light come to an art
gallery by holding his girlfriend at
gunpoint
light's girlfriend runs to him when the
lady shoots her and then kills herself
light starts to break down when he
realizes his girlfriend is dead
but this was all part of his plan light
was able to trace the girl to a church
and find her real name in the books
he then wrote the girl's name on the
death note and said she would kill
herself after killing his girlfriend
now the agents are convinced light is
not kira but l
is still suspicious that is how the
movie ends
let me know what you would do if you had
the power to kill anyone
if you enjoy this content feel free to
check out my other videos